# Tailwind CSS

You may see a CSS file - `app/tailwind/tailwind.css` - that's been generated here but it's gitignore'd. That's on purpose!

This file is autogenerated (after each build and during development) and shouldn't be modified directly.

Instead, add styles to the `/styles/app.css` file.
Or, you may add additional css files and import them into the `app.css` file. Tailwind then compiles those styles into the `tailwind.css` file.

See https://tailwindcss.com/docs/configuration for more details.

## Customizing Tailwind

To customize the design system in your app, you'll want to start with the `tailwind.config.js` file at the root of your project - that's where most of the global styling should be set up. From the tailwind configuration file, we've applied many styles using the class names from the config. You can add more or change this setup as much as you want, but the configuration file is the best place to start and should be a single source of truth.

For example,

```jsx
<p className="text-primary">Some text</a>
```

Will apply the primary color you've defined, and change depending on the configured color palette in the config file. This lets you change the entire theme in one place and have the changes propagate app-wide.

## Gotchas

Tailwind tries very hard to remove any unnecessary CSS by analyzing the class names that are actually applied in your application. Because of this, if you're dynamically applying styles (like via a CMS) and the styles don't appear in source control, tailwind may remove these in production.

To avoid this, try to refrain from applying styles dynamically and instead include them directly in your HTML. Or for a more hacky approach, try adding a hidden element with styles you may be adding dynamically:

```jsx
// if you're adding the `text-boogie-woogie-blue` style dynamically
<span class="normal text-boogie-woogie-blue hidden"></span>
```

# Removing Tailwind

Dash provides an option to remove Tailwind, that will remove all dependencies with Tailwind.
To remove every styles from your stack, please run `npm run remove-classnames`.
